<a name="8.1" />
# 8.1 反馈信息的必要性

JRockit成为业界领先的JVM，离不开用户的大力协助。JRockit致力于提供服务器端应用程序的性能和扩展性，最具相关性的反馈信息往往来自于部署了大量服务器的用户，例如金融行业的用户。JRockit  Runtime Analyzer，或简称JRA，最初是为了收集JRockit的性能信息而进行开发。

One can easily understand that customers were rather reluctant to send us, for
example, their latest proprietary trading applications to play with in our labs. And,
of course, allowing us to poke around in a customer's mission critical application in
production was completely out of the question. Some of these applications shuffle
around billions of dollars per week. We found ourselves in a situation where we
needed a tool to gather as much information as possible on how JRockit, and the
application running on JRockit, behaved together; both to find opportunities to
improve JRockit and to find erratic behavior in the customer application. This was a
bit of a challenge, as we needed to get high quality data. If the information was not
accurate, we would not know how to improve JRockit in the areas most needed by
customers or perhaps at all. At the same time, we needed to keep the overhead down
to a minimum. If the profiling itself incurred significant overhead, we would no longer
get a true representation of the system. Also, with anything but near-zero overhead,
the customer would not let us perform recordings on their mission critical systems
in production.

其实，用户并不太愿意将其应用程序相关的敏感数据发给JRockit开发团队

JRA was invented as a method of recording information in a way that the customer
could feel confident with, while still providing us with the data needed to improve
JRockit. The tool was eventually widely used within our support organization to
both diagnose problems and as a tuning companion for JRockit.

In the beginning, a simple XML format was used for our runtime recordings. A
human-readable format made it simple to debug, and the customer could easily
see what data was being recorded. Later, the format was upgraded to include data
from a new recording engine for latency-related data. When the latency data came
along, the data format for JRA was split into two parts, the human-readable XML
and a binary file containing the latency events. The latency data was put into JRockit
internal memory buffers during the recording, and to avoid introducing unnecessary
latencies and performance penalties that would surely be incurred by translating the
buffers to XML, it was decided that the least intrusive way was to simply dump the
buffers to disk.

To summarize, recordings come in two different flavors having either the  .jra
extension (recordings prior to JRockit R28/JRockit Mission Control 4.0) or the  .jfr(JRockit Flight Recorder) extension (R28 or later). Prior to the R28 version of JRockit, the recording files mainly consisted of XML without a coherent data model. As
of R28, the recording files are binaries where all data adheres to an event model,
making it much easier to analyze the data.

To open a JFR recording, a JRockit Mission Control of version 3.x must be used. To
open a Flight Recorder recording, JRockit Mission Control version 4.0 or later must
be used.